*** Make saving/loading more portable across versions by saving the *name* of
    stuff rather than its UID
*** Better yet, don't just save a string of text/numbers.  Save with tags which
    serve to indicate what each piece of data is.  Makes it more human-readable,
    and again, much more portable.


Interface
  Starting screen
    Options including "Generate World" "New City in World" "Load City" etc
  Event listing
    Data structure for an event (message, importance level, category, etc)
    Data structure for list of events
    Functions to print, scroll, export, etc. event list
! Proper game menu
    Not just hotkeys tied to buildings which aren't listed on screen.  Instead,
     a "menu bar" which lists top-level hotkeys (e.g. "*B*uild *C*itizens" etc.
     (asterisks denote color emphasis).  Pressing a hotkey displays sub-options
     in the message area; e.g. pressing B lists available buildings in the
     message area.
  Other views
    e.g. other than the map/messages/info view.
    Some ideas:
      Citizens view - expanded stats on citizens (totals, avgs, etc)
      Building view - totals, avgs, etc for buildings
      Military view - state of military
      World    view - World map

Buildings
  Ability to limit the number of workers there
    Permanently or temporarily?
! Ability to shut building down
!   Permanently restricts workers to 0, and maintenance stops being paid.
!   Building slowly withers?  Requires "Integrity" value for buildings
    Building becomes a possible den for crime?  Requires crime system :P
  Ability to re-open a closed building
! Ability to demolish buildings
!   Make sure to make all workers there jobless!
  Require connection to network in order for resources to be available / jobs to
   be available

Files
  Allow for sub-directories of the main data directory to be considered a
   comprehensive data directory of its own.  E.g. datadir contains "Tolkien",
   "Humans Only", and "Classic", each of which defines its own set of rules for
   gameplay
  Allow for comments in data files (# clears out remainder of line)
